so we got us a bonafide circus up there
on Capitol Hill
a lot of people are running around
saying that what's being done is
unconstitutional people are saying that
the process is unconstitutional that's
patently false the impeachment process
is the indictment phase okay what the
house is doing that's the indictment
phase if they render a verdict to
impeach then it goes over to the Senate
to convict they hold the impeachment
trial that's article 1 section 3 the
Senate has sole power over impeachment
trials now it does say that the person
convicted is still liable to indictment
trial judgment and punishment in a
criminal prosecution but that's not the
Senate the Senate is not going to send
the president to prison that may have an
afterword
Article 2 section 4 that's the part that
says high crimes and misdemeanors now
but that actually says is that the
president shall be removed for these
types of charges shall be is legalese
must be removed the House and Senate can
impeach and convict for pretty much
anything they want
but for these things the punishment has
to include removal article 3 section 2
trial of all crimes except impeachment
has to be done by jury so this goes
along with the rules for the Senate
about the limitations on punishment and
then clarifying that the person could be
tried later what it's doing is it's
separating and it's saying that an
impeachment trial is not a criminal
prosecution it's not the same thing so
it's getting rid of the idea of double
jeopardy and stuff like that
okay so that's it the main document the
Constitution that's all it says about
impeachment those are the rules none of
those are being violated not there's
nothing unconstitutional about the
proceedings right now
a certain word has found its way into
the president's vocabulary and then into
his tweets so what did he say he said so
someday if the Democrat becomes
president and the Republicans win the
house even by a tiny margin they can
impeach the president without due
process or fairness or any legal rights
all Republicans must remember what they
are witnessing here a lynching in ER
Senator Lindsey Graham from the great
state of South Carolina
who said this is a lynching in every
sense because he's completely ignorant
of history
what parallels due process in
impeachment proceedings occurs in the
Senate during the trial so if he doesn't
get it
senator Graham that would be your fault
there's no requirement for due process
here first we're still in the
impeachment phase they don't even have
to tell him it's happening more
importantly that comes from the Fifth
Amendment no person shall be deprived
life liberty or property without due
process what is the max punishment
removal from office and disqualification
his life liberty and property are not in
jeopardy
the impeachment process is exactly
nothing like a luncheon that's the
premeditated extrajudicial informal
public execution of someone doesn't seem
like what's going on here let's just cut
to the chase the closest thing to a
lynching that president Trump has been
involved in is when he took out a
full-page ad advocating for the
execution of people who turned out to be
innocent and that's the thing about
elections in most cases the people the
victims are innocent doesn't appear that
he is but hey don't worry he'll get his
due process the president has a right to
confront his accusers that's the sixth
amendment that amendment starts with the
phrase in all criminal prosecutions as
outlined in article one section three
this is not a criminal prosecution now
he may get to confront his accusers that
may happen but it's going to be after
the Senate convicts and then he's
indicted and during the trial a criminal
trial he would be able to do that
section two it says that the house shall
appoint its officers you know the speak
for the house and whatever and then they
have sole power over impeachment so to
be clear if they wanted to do the entire
thing in secret not even inform the
president that it was happening into a
surprise vote that's completely
constitutional I was on Twitter and
somebody brought something up and it
just kind of blew my mind the person
said that Republicans weren't concerned
about the impeachment process being
unconstitutional that was just the word
they were using that they were really
concerned because it's different than
Clinton and Nixon that it's being held
in secret so what's the difference
between them yeah I mean yes in this
case there are going to be some
international secrets that you don't
want public yeah that's true okay but
that's not the reason they're being held
in secret not the whole reason anyway
not even the main reason seeing the
other two facts were already established
generally they had physical evidence
reports articles they knew what went
down they're just putting it on record
in this case it's not what's going on
it's not what's going on they they have
a general framework of what happened but
they don't know exactly what went down
and who was involved I want you to think
about your favorite cop show or if you
don't have one think about law and order
everybody's seen an episode so there's
the cop there's a shooting let's say but
four people in the car he's certainly
one of them did it
one person drove and knew that it was
going to go down the other two are
innocent so what's he do cups them up
takes them all back to the station and
puts them all in a room together and
start to asking them questions right no
of course not that would be stupid
they'd be able to cook up testimony
between each other right there because
they know what the other person said
these the hearings are in secret so the
other witnesses don't know what's been
said already it's a way to keep them
honest that's why that's that's why it's
done that way it's why it's done in
criminal cases when they divide people
up so they can't cook up a story any
defense attorney will tell you if your
client is just guilty of sin the only
thing you can do let's go after the cops
go after the chain of custody go after
the process try to get it thrown out on
a technicality get evidence suppressed
that's kind of what the Republicans are
trying to do
Republican lawmakers stormed the
impeachment inquiry and what was this
dire complaint that all these theatrics
were over well we're not allowed in the
hearing but other Republicans are just
you're not because you're not on the
right committee this is a incredibly
common happens all the time
closed-door proceedings are very common
Mitch McConnell just told them attack
the process attack the tactics because
they can't defend the president's
actions anymore attack the process what
does that mean means undermine the
Constitution because that's where the
process is laid out means obstruct
Congress means violate their oaths and
like good little foot soldiers they did
exactly what they were told they have to
attacked the foundations of the country
they have to attempt to undermine the
Constitution because they care more
about their party than they do the
Constitution there is nothing
unconstitutional occurring it's not a
coup it's the way the process is laid
out anybody who says that it's a coup
anybody who says that it's
unconstitutional all they're doing is
proving they've never read the
Constitution
in an attempt to stop his tax returns
from being released
the president's warriors made the
argument that he is immune from all
criminal liability oh he can't be
investigated
he can't be indicted he can't be
prosecuted
he can't be processed nothing he's total
immunity from all forms of criminal
liability because the argument made in
federal court was that he could
literally commit murder that's pretty
high up in our hierarchy of of crimes
that that's one of the bad ones if he
can do that and suffer no criminal
liability what's to stop him from
shutting down voting stations in
locations that oppose it or engaging a
massive voter fraud what would stop it
there's no criminal liability
nobody can investigate it well certainly
Congress would impeach right I guess so
unless he hasn't imprisoned or worse
because no criminal liability this
argument
that is being made is the legal argument
to turn Trump into a dictator it's
terrifying because that's not how it's
being framed it's being framed is this
crazy argument that the president's
lawyers made but no man that would allow
his lawyers to make that argument on his
behalf should be in public office these
judges whether they know it or not are
deciding the fate of the country if they
decide that yes the president is
completely immune from all criminal
liability that's it it's over no checks
no balances absolute power and that
power will be abused Trump becomes Tsar
and all men are slaves to the Tsar
that's the reality and it's not a
slippery slope argument that's literally
what they're arguing in court in federal
court this is the argument that was made
we sit and listen as people try to say
that there's a coup against the
president meanwhile he's attempting to
gain the power to do whatever he wants
with no legal ramifications
so there's your scary Halloween story
anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night